Hello
Good afternoon,
I found the documents
Yes, of course, the
video with you actually went there,
one and a half thousand subscribers had to him
How are things,
everything is fine, come on Ready to agree with the documents
Well, I think that we can of course talk
Let's talk
we stopped, we passed the Budapest
memorandum there you screwed up By the way
yes, they found where Ukraine wanted to
restify the Budapest memorandum.
Listen, about the Budapest memorandum.
Yes, you didn’t watch the video correctly, we
cut it.
Listen.
according to the
Budapest morality, you then
deceived people in this way
or almost made a mistake you can
call it whatever you want you said publicly that
Ukraine wanted to
ratify the mood in order there
they found it so as not to waste time did not
look further you found something during this time
I what he said in order to imagine  more in
this world appeared due to the fact that
Ukraine tried to unilaterally
change such an agreement as the
Istanbul Protocol again, let's
stay the song, it turns out there was no such
factor that you said that
you wanted to change the damn thing, you don’t hear I hear
I already gave you an answer to this
I won’t give you the question again I already told you
it’s your problem you confess
You probably didn’t hear I already
answered this question repeat You will
review you are recording now,
review it like this Repeat please
I already told you I can’t skip the
recording here  during our conversation,
I didn’t hear me intellectually,
it was such a Euphoria so when I
forgot you some moments Tell me
what I told you that no, Ukraine didn’t try to
ratify
you were mistaken or I didn’t deceive you,
that’s how it is
Let’s
have such an agreement
turns out to be Budapest  the memorandum
really was like this.
In which we started with the fact that you
said that Ukraine did not agree  a supportive
state, but Ukraine Ukraine is a
non-negotiable state
because it had such an agreement with nv1 You
know about it I don’t know Tell me now
It turns out that after all Russia then
violated the Budapest memorandum in such a way No of
course as No of course we
will get to this we will get to this When  we will
discuss the ratification
And now we will first talk about what
happened before in chronological order,
how Ukraine tried to
ratify the
document
from 92
[music]
again you will search for an hour everything is not from the
past, you can already google for 40 minutes you
searched, look, see According to the
Lisbon agreement  and Lisbon is not
Istanbul Lisbon So, according to the
Lisbon agreements,
one treaty entered into force after ratification by
all signatories of Lisbon
Soviet Union respectively Yes
Ceased to exist stop
Wait for this agreement when it was still Under the
Soviet Union Yes, I say so and
I say one was between the Soviet Union and the
USA when it
was signed The date this agreement was signed I
don’t know if you want Now we’ll find 31 Let’s
July 91 Okay
fine after that  how the Soviet Union will
cease to exist, there was also
a meeting in Lisbon where
Belarus Kazakhstan Ukraine
Russia and the United States took part,
and just there, respectively, they
agreed that all that all the
obligations that the
Soviet Union assumed, they now respectively
pass to the heirs of this
nuclear weapon Yes  here the Soviet
Union,
and
it was decided that Belarus,
Kazakhstan and Ukraine would transfer their
weapons to nuclear Russia, which, in
turn, fulfills the agreements
that were in the CIS, only
Belarus, Kazakhstan, in turn,
ratified the
protocol Yes,
and transferred weapons to Russia, and Ukraine
decided that  she didn't like that  was in
this protocol and she tried to
unilaterally ratify the
amended document
after that, just the United States and Russia did not
recognize such ratification And after that
, in general,
you said that Ukraine is a country that
cannot unilaterally change the
international treaty,
it turns out that it still can Where
you can see that Ukraine has
unilaterally changed you can Where to look
google
Write ratification Ukraine ratified the
Lisbon Lisbon protocols and
that
Ukraine is holding something wrong
yes yes look on November 18, 93
, the Verkhovna Rada ratified the
CIS-1 treaty with unilateral
changes that stipulated the
preservation of Ukraine  nuclear
weapons,
which contradicts all the agreements
that were reached in Lisbon.
Let's open some kind of tab for you. So
tell me the name of what is in it so that
I google for sure.
is there a
name there this is a screenshot this is a screenshot
that I myself found which I
don’t even know
it’s from Wikipedia
you just type one
Well here in the contract execution column
there is information about how it worked correctly
Well and what is written here again there
you Read
it aloud look at  you have written the
implementation of the Treaty According to the
Lisbon agreements, the
START-1 treaty entered into force after it was
ratified by all signatories of the
Lisbon Treaty and the reference after
that is the phrase However, the Belarusian
Kazakh Ukrainian leadership
came to compensation for the withdrawal of
strategic nuclear weapons from
its territory and without any reference,
but what about me  listen, you read further
Well, yes, everything is one sentence Yes A No,
look where it is written about Ukraine see
them
Well, Wikipedia says something there that
so and so closer November 18,
1991 to ratify the ST-100 dollar with
changes that stipulated the
preservation of Ukraine, you can show where
it's all rati  you fit, we looked at
what the changes are. What part of you do you
have, it’s not Wikipedia, the treaty is
ratified, what’s changed where
you can read how glad it ratified I
have no information
if this treaty was subject to ratification,
glad ratified And that the question is the
question is that there were changes that were
not  did not correspond to the declared
status of Ukraine, to the disagreements
that were reached,
so look, let's start with the
fact that the treaty that is subject to ratification
enters into force when,
from the moment of ratification, probably yes, that
is, it turns out until the moment of ratification.
I can’t understand,
that is, you think that
Ukraine could make changes now, I didn’t until the
moment it was. The agreement was signed, it was
signed and then Ukraine had to
ratify it, probably. What do you
think, could it make changes
after it was signed or not,
that means  look open  again the
Vienna Convention we will send international
treaties Yes, it is very good that you
open which I then taught you how to
use and look and there is
a ratification section look at article 19
formulation of reservations States
can, when signing ratification,
accept or approve a treaty or
add to formulate a reservation,
except in cases where this
the reservation is prohibited by the treaty B the treaty
stipulates that it is possible to make only
certain reservations, among which
this reservation is not included or in cases not
covered by clause and the
reservation is incompatible with the objects of the purposes of the
house Vienna Convention
Treaties
clearly speak can
assembly i.e. parliament of course yes
clause C please in case  paragraphs A and
B Well, of course, the object and goals of the agreement and
it is of course incompatible with the object and
objectives of the agreement for what you know,
see the agreement is
what Ukraine is Perhaps
you said what changes I will help
you look  rite The
Verkhovna Rada said that it retains the
status of Ukraine as a nuclear state.
Which document is indicated here where
we talked. So, the
point is that Ukraine should have remained
without a nuclear state at the moment when
it was about this
earlier, but what document before these same
agreements  uh Lisbon
and we are talking about the mandatory status of
Ukraine, which it proclaimed back in the
90th year of the Verkhovna Rada
after 1992, says that it
turns out to retain its nuclear status,
how hard it is for you, then listen,
you are a little misunderstanding How our
conversation is now being built  Yes, you start to be
rude, to be rude, to be honest, it’s
very pitiful, in fact, so Ukraine
declared its non-nuclear status
Yes, it was still there since the
ninetieth year, and then suddenly in 93
they suddenly decided to get it,
they said in these changes the preservation of
nuclear weapons,
so this naturally contradicts
clauses of the contract, therefore, just
what you are talking about now  read Yes from the Geneva
Convention, respectively
Yes, right Vienna Convention you
agreed right say yes Means See
if you claim that there is some kind of
reservation here Vienna Convention on the Law
of Treaties Yes article 19
clearly articulates the right of states to
make reservations upon ratification if they are
certain If you say that  this
clause contradicted Let's open it and
tell us specifically what the clause was
Why the contradiction please open the
document
which Supreme Rada ratified,
we probably read it really
before entering into a discussion with me again
Find This document I will wait for the
mandatory status
so on November 18, 1903 the Supreme Council of
Ukraine  ratified the treaty between the USSR
and the United States on the reduction and limitation of
strategic offensive arms
and the Lisbon Protocol, while
the ratification decision was accompanied by a
number of reservations, including the
declaration of Ukraine's ownership of
nuclear weapons and rejected
denial of Article 5 of the Lisbon Protocol on Ukraine's accession to the Treaty on the Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons In addition, Kyiv undertook to eliminate only 36 percent of the carriers of 42 percent of Russia's nuclear warheads The United States stated that they did not recognize the decision of the Ukrainian side Wikipedia Well, I found Do not give the document that you say Verkhovna Rada that we talked about documents there [music] You have a website of the Verkhovna Rada on which all archival documents will be stored there is a website when your website of the Verkhovna Rada looked through the previous resolutions half no you you can find it now, look you Find it, you can’t understand everything, and I explained it to you, you also know get ready now The fact is that Russia The USA were also signatories Ukraine unilaterally Specifically, which of the USA and Russia did not recognize how Ukraine tried to change fact you pon  you have that the USA
Ukraine oh the USA and Russia did not recognize these
changes If you do not agree with the decision of the
USA and Russia, it’s good
to go and look at the permission of the USA This document
and explain to me that after
all everything was in order official so about the
reaction of the USA there at least
if it hadn’t
happened just because Ukraine is
looking at you If you were a little
smart person
[music]
now If you were a little smart
person you would have prepared at least
everything here Take yourself to find these
links make yourself  Google document in
which you will have them so that they don’t
look like a [ __ ] who searches for 10 minutes
and does not find those statements to
which he refers you in our
past programs Yes, and now 20 and now 20 you
have been looking for 40 minutes 40 minutes now we are already with
you 20  you search for more than 10 minutes of them,
so get
ready to listen Write out for
yourself Write out everything for yourself Write out all the
links for yourself and Then
let's go [ __ ] pancakes [ __ ]
unrealistically stupid person  it’s unrealistic
then he was shorter and stupid and now he is stupid all the
words in Ukraine I don’t even want smoke on him